it's the day of the total eclipse me and
him got drunk last night and decided it
seemed like a good plan we want to see
what happen when it will get starting
the animals all freaked out it's nice to
be well nice well heard that all the
birds will think it's nighttime and it
all start to Rhys
I'm just making sure that we switch all
the lights on everywhere so that it
doesn't sort of upset the animals too
much when it goes dark well I got
another dawn chorus the front line every
be good fun there's quite a lot of
interest around the balloons as well
when there's a thunderstorm they sense
that and they all start barking at each
other and calm into each other so be
interesting to see what they do the best
vantage point in the zoo is the Zebras
field so they've had to make way for the
visitors the management have decided
that some animals will be better off
inside but the elephant keepers aren't
convinced somebody up there the powers
to be if decided that we'll go lock them
in in case they get scared and things
but I can't quite see it myself
I mean it does get dark every single
night of the week and they've never yeah
they used to it they never really get
scared about going down it's only a
precaution really I mean we're pretty
sure they're gonna be no reaction from
the animals at all half and perhaps a
bird with Boone's I get a hooting and
hollering when it goes dark but you
don't take chances with giraffes and
elephants so we're going to keep those
in a once-in-a-lifetime experience then
they're not gonna be allowed to see it
what am i we couldnt get glasses begin a
farm anyway countdown to the total
eclipse has begun it's very much evening
behavior sort of 7 o'clock at night at
the moment all sort of in their groups
resting it all a lot quiet as a normal
or just settling down to sleep there if
when they engage bouncy there might be
other fear and then it gets light again
yet you're still here might you feel out
of the safe flavor
count just you can't see it you look
just sit very very quickly see they're a
bit of a disaster anything clouds
everywhere like the worst of its just
coming over now as well so uh hoping
that the clouds gonna move then I think
even though that everybody felt like
quite excited good atmosphere they're
going to be active yeah that's it they
stood it it sort of paced around the
same direction every evening and then go
to their sleeping quarters I think
they're a bit unsure what is going on
because it's game so dark so quickly
it's excellent million you can feel the
atmosphere in the air
don't see girls going for it
it's getting light and now they're gonna
be some fruit full very bizarre area
wasn't that person quite strange it also
meant that the birds just didn't know
what to do there laughs and so today we
didn't see anything
so we're gutted I think we got bit time
to work it was really good and brilliant
to watch these well worth it